BD-3018 Add section for how to add Unity Push icons (#8216)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/unity/push_notifications/android.md

For setup guidance, visit [Deep Linking to In-App Resources](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/deep-linking).

> ## Adding Braze Push notification icons
> 
> To add Push icons to your project, create an AAR plug-in or Android library that contains the icon image files. For steps and information, refer to Unity's documentation: [Android Library Projects and Android Archive plug-ins](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/AndroidAARPlugins.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding Braze push notification icons

To add push icons to your project, create an AAR plug-in or Android library that contains the icon image files. For steps and information, refer to Unity's documentation: [Android Library Projects and Android Archive plug-ins](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/AndroidAARPlugins.html).
```

> To add Push icons to your project, create an AAR plug-in or Android library that contains the icon image files. For steps and information, refer to Unity's documentation: [Android Library Projects and Android Archive plug-ins](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/AndroidAARPlugins.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add Push icons to your project, create an AAR plug-in or Android library that contains the icon image files. For a full walkthrough, refer to Unity's documentation: [Android Library Projects and Android Archive plug-ins](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/AndroidAARPlugins.html).
```

Reviewer 2: *Mine is optional.
